#Avalanche

Flexible and fast batch processing for real-time data generating applications

## Requirements
### Python
The fontend code is contained within the user-interface/Webapp repo. In this directory install the dependencies by using pip: pip install -r requirements.txt.  

### Java
Import the project into Intellij and import the following maven dependencies:
com.google.protobuf:protobuf-java:2.5.0
org.apache.commons:com.springsource.org.apache.commons.lang:2.6.0
org.fusesource.leveldbjni:leveldbjni-all:1.8
org.iq80.leveldb:leveldb-api:0.7\ldots

More detailed information can be found in the thesis document.

## Basic Test
Start the UI by running the python webapp frontend.py found in the user-interface/Webapp directory.  The webapp will be accessible at localhost:5000.  Use the admin panel to add the host/port of each machine in the system and use the main user configuration panel to create a new topology to be executed by avalanche.

Run the following services:
- src/DataLayer/Services/DataManagerService.java
- src/DataLayer/Services/DataHandlerService.java
- src/Core/Services/TaskInitService.java
- src/SchedLayer/Message/MessageService.java
- src/SchedLayer/Periphery/LocalSchedulerService.java
- src/SchedLayer/Centre/GlobalSchedulerService.java
- src/SchedLayer/UI/UIService.java

The UIService will execute the topology generated by the frontend.

src/DataLayer/Test/DataClient can be used to access the output of a topology node, by providing the node name as the first argument.

The data processed can be found in the raw-data folder.

## Note
As mentioned in the thesis, the data generated is persisted on machines between each jobs.  To clear the database between runs the "clearLocalDB" script found in the root directory should be executed on any machine running an instance of the DataHandlerService or DataManagerService.  Services should be stopped before this lock is run to prevent contention.   

## License
Copyright [2014] [Peter Marbach]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
